attention the following video is going
to totally kick ass if you enjoy any of
it and/or have a large penis please
click the like button below
enjoy the grab a bag dado right slowly
slowly
don't just wow yes is happening raining
like oh my god dat was like I can Santa
Claus is dumb pressed back of that
motherfucker
I say team what's the preliminary look
on this man I'll tow beds oh your GT I
just watch that shit ok Oh JC let me
know when you come cuz you're the one
who's trying to help me Oh what the fuck
hey come on speedy yeah go underneath
this bridge underneath the bridge Joyce
you ready drive on it I mean are you
gonna get it
I kind of know what happened let it
sound awesome
yeah oh fuck see however we were hoping
you could drive underneath this bridge
and we can land on it but uh yeah we're
going to find a new location there's a
pole kind of there but I think I'll
still make oh you'll make it all we'll
get a plane all right words
I'm JT Oh do you really got a little
drop down here now you might have a oh I
don't think you can only get perfectly
we missed you Oh
it we didn't have faith we wow that's
impressive dude really good I'm coming
here he comes
holy shit okay Oh Oh
start driving now catch it
he 130 there oh that was hobo put
another one there Wow I hit the a and
hit the end of it and it blew up
hi babe coming in hot here comes over
luck yes ready yes alright start going
now start on their own guy he's gonna be
going fast
Go Go Go Go
why would I do something that's
impossible
oh well at least there's not a big-ass
ac-130 I'm sorry c-130 in the way of the
ramp now I thought I'd you want dirty my
dad's in the military eighty one thirty
means it's ours
I corrected myself for playing soccer
guys the Mini Cooper is the soccer ball
and we got to put it into the soccer
goal it's pink vs. red OVA start the
game for us play soccer
ow my leg ow ow my leg with the fuck out
early come on Jimmy here we go perfect
cover
oh man this shit yeah here you go go go
that's a fan or something man that's
horseshit
go go go home on us at it like a yellow
flag
get that soccer ball in there oh no here
we go
okay like this is horseshit aw damn it
we're good we're good all right session
like it yeah we yeah revisits mission
sorry I'm never never breakaway shit
we're gonna make this happen
don't go too hard I think you can't
drive to go see the ball
fuck this shit yes
dad I wrote the dopest you lose such
poor sportsmanship and now if you guys
would like to direct your attention down
to the comment section you'll see a
riveting fight about whether it's called
soccer or football that's the best part
all right final attempt guys Oh God Oh
No we just we just just go just do it
just get me oh oh no bro you ain't got
one for 30 minutes ago still there
that's too big
you